Okay.
And all about debugging, the common way to debug, because, like, uh...
Okay, uh, if you're new to programming, I have to tell you one thing, that, um, don't be afraid to
Uh, don't be afraid of errors. Errors are there to help you.
Um, to get you to the right path.
All right- And, um...
Uh, you will run into errors, so you will have to learn
a proper way to debug your code.
The common way to debug is by printing out some values, and we run your app several times until you corrected the issues.
And for complex apps, this process can be tedious.
Um, with...
With Jupyter Notebook, you can simply create
a code block, and you can...
Uh, you can copy some part of your code there.
And you can print out the statement.
like this, um...
Path 1, for example.
That's 2. So if... let's say we... if we want to know
whether our app is running to this path or this path.
we can just run this code directly, right-
But, uh...
Oh, okay.
Yeah, like this. And then... and it tells you that, okay, so it runs to path 1,
Then, one of these.
So it's easy in Jupyter Notebook environment.
But in a complex application, it might not be as simple.
Um, and therefore, we want to use other methods.
And the PDB module is very useful for that. Basically, it allows you to
to create a brick point.
Uh, when the app reaches a breakpoint, your application is gonna stop running.
And you may write, um, some code and run...
and run them to examine the state of your app.
For example, you may check the value of a variable, or what happens when you've run a ver...
a particular code.
So if you... if you have this function, you can set... you can run a set trace here.
Which means the application is going to stop at this... at exactly this line,
And you can tell, uh, you can find out the value of value and results.
at this step.
It might sound confusing for now,
But, um, uh... but it's... it's pretty useful, so let's... let's do a very quick demo for that.
I'm just gonna use, um...
a workspace.
For the, um...
Uh, for... for the first half of this course.
Which is the Explore U.S. bike share data.
So, um, the kind of funny thing is that, um, in this project,
you're not gonna be using Jupyter notebook environment again.
They're going to be using this, um...
this scripting environment.
Which basically, uh, is the same as creating, um,
an actual Python script and running it, just like... just like running them in your own system.
So if you run... if you create a terminal,
And you can run...
So these are... these are your files, and you can run any of them. Uh, well, you can actually... you can only run the PYs
UI scripts, right- Like, share...
PR. You could use tap for auto-completion, by the way.
Enter. And this is...
This is what you're... you're gonna be working with, and in the first half of the...
of discourse.
Um, please enter a city, you can type in the city name, Chicago, for example.
Enter a month, pay all...
And either day, all day, and it's gonna...
prints out, um, some statistics of that city.
Okay, let's say...
Uh, let's say we are not confident,
about, um, the most common month, okay-
We want to see if this value is true.
Okay, but the application is already... is already written.
And it's difficult to track the code.
Um, one by one, right-
So, that's... that's one case where PDB is going to be useful.
So we can use PDV.
Wouldn't... wouldn't it be good
if... if we can stop the app,
before it prints out
this line. And we can... we can check, uh, where it got that decision.
Okay, so it comes from this, the most common ones, and it comes from this.
So we can do a PDB set trace in this case.
Okay, and this is something that... that...
Um, I think you're gonna use... well, if you're...
coding on your own, uh, in this project.
Okay.
It's like, I cannot stop here. So, I'm gonna create a new terminal.
And we run it.
Okay, so another sphere.
that it shows the code.
right after the...
the PDB, right after the PDB line.
Okay- And you can...
you can investigate any variables that are active at this point.
So, for example, popular months here-
You can just type it in. Popular...
underscore months.
Okay, and see, oh, okay, it's indeed 6. And you can, you can also tell, like, where it came from.
So you can...
Copy and paste this...
be the mode.
DF... months...
Like this... yeah.
So, but... so yeah, so the purpose is really to create a
brick point, and you can view all of the variables created so far.
And that's why it's pretty useful for debugging.